Update README.md to add slidingWindows(ofCount:) and striding(by:) (#57)
apple/swift-algorithms: README.md

- [`chunked(by:)`, `chunked(on:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Guides/Chunked.md): Eager and lazy operations that break a collection into chunks based on either a binary predicate or when the result of a projection changes.
- [`indexed()`](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Guides/Indexed.md): Iterate over tuples of a collection's indices and elements. 
- [`trimming(where:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Guides/Trim.md): Returns a slice by trimming elements from a collection's start and end. 
- [`slidingWindows(ofCount:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Guides/SlidingWindows.md): Breaks a collection into overlapping contiguous window subsequences where elements are slices from the original collection.

> - [`striding(by:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Guides/Stride.md): Safely and efficiently operate over every `nth` element of a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`striding(by:)`](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Guides/Stride.md): Returns every nth element of a collection.
```

Nits: "Safety" is used to mean memory safety in Swift, and hopefully all algorithms supplied in this library are both safe and efficient; doesn't need to be called out here. "Nth" doesn't need code voice.
